---
layout: post
title: Kindness
date: 2014-08-14 11:53:43.000000000 +01:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories:
- The Road to Betterer
tags:
- Compassion
- Empathy
- Kindness
- Listening
- Reflections
meta:
---
<blockquote>"The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice-versa, the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant." - The Doctor (Vincent &amp; the Doctor)</p></blockquote>
<p>The sad news of the death of Robin Williams this week reminded me that it is all too easy to see the surface that people present and accept the performance as reality. And even if we do see past the facade; it seems easy to imagine we can't have any impact in the world, that we are too small, too insignificant to make a difference, especially to those we admire or to those struggling with significant challenges. It reminded me of the entreaty:</p>
<blockquote><p>"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle"</p></blockquote>
<p>Sometimes in the face of the sorrow and misfortune that life brings to people's lives I feel that nothing I can do or say can make a difference. It's easy to lose sight of the value of connecting with someone else, listening and offering empathy. But I know from my own experience that a kind word, a thoughtful gesture or a safe space to express something uncomfortably sad or painful can make a difference.</p>
<p>And how often do we fail to tell the people we love, value and care about how important they are to us, <a title="Lollipop leadership" href="http://helenwalker.net/2014/08/01/lollipop-leadership/">how brilliant we think they are</a>?</p>
<p>So I am resolved to try to remember to be kind, to smile and to say thank you to the people who touch my life. Who knows if that will make any difference? But I think it's worth a shot.</p>
