---
layout: post
title: WotD45 - Curate
date: 2015-09-09 21:40:48.000000000 +01:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories:
- Positive Post Its
tags:
- Curate
- Positive Post Its
meta:
---
<p>The <a href="http://www.britishmuseum.org/" target="_blank">British Museum</a> is one of my favourite places, but it still gives me a headache.</p>
<p>There is so much interesting stuff there, it's hard to connect the exhibits, to put them in context, to really learn anything. The work that the curators do is such an important part of the experience, not just to label the exhibits and collect them in appropriate sections, but to use them to tell a story. and the more complicated the story, the more components there are, the more important that role is.</p>
<p>Sometimes information feels like that set of only partly connected parts rather than something truly meaningful we digest so that it becomes part of us. And the way that information is collected, organised and presented makes the difference between the audience borrowing and owning the knowledge that is shared with them.</p>
<p>When we provide a service to people, it becomes even more important that we curate their customer experience. That we help guide them through it. Enable them to feel informed and in control.  If we provide our service users with the information they need to make best use of us and our expertise then everyone benefits.</p>
<p>Thinking about the experience that people have when they work with us is really important, no one wants to feel foolish or worried, they want to feel respected and valued. Curating ourselves, helping to provide the signposts for people will enable them to get to the stuff they need to sooner and more painlessly.</p>
<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned="" data-instgrm-version="4">
<div>
<div></div>
<p><a href="https://instagram.com/p/7bN6XtiHrr/" target="_top">Today's #PositivePostIt word is #Curate #Communcation #CustomerMagic #Knowledge #Learning #Blog http://helenwalker.net/2015/09/09/wotd45-curate/</a></p>
<p>A photo posted by Helen Walker (@h313n1w) on <time datetime="2015-09-09T21:40:20+00:00">Sep 9, 2015 at 2:40pm PDT</time></p>
</div>
</blockquote>
<p><script src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js" async="" defer="defer"></script></p>
